The Joe Rogan experience.
Do there's this couple that's getting divorced and they have
$600 million worth of art.
It is the biggest single art collection that's ever going up for auction.
And there's one painting that they have on the wall.
That is a 2007 painting by some person I've never heard of. I mean,
I obviously don't know much about modern art in particular and it's
worth, I think, 40 to $60 million. That's it?
That is 40, 40, 60 million bucks gets a splash.
You know what? That looks like. That looks like a good background.
Yes. Well, look at this. It says
[inaudible] untitled work from 2007 has an estimate of 40 to 60 million courtesy
of Sotheby's. What in the are you talking about?
Did you imagine 40 to $60 million is in insane house on a
massive piece of land.
To say like, what about that is.
This is like the original NFTs guys. Come on.
But this is so crazy. Like for 40, $60 million, you should have a insane house,
a private jet, a Ferrari, a Mercedes,
a crazy game.
I would have just a bar.
Movie theater, good toilets.
House and a one that payment. Nothing else would be nice.
Imagine, just imagine that that's worth $60 million,
please don't look at any of the other images.
I just want to concentrate on the other one. Chimney. I don't know what that is.
That's Pinocchio. The other one is Pinocchio's head.
They found Pinocchio skeleton scroll down.
[inaudible] billion dollars. That's the actual, what is that.
It's.
A flight Marilyn Monroe. And that.
The whole thing is so insane. That painting is so insanely bad.
Does it to try to.
Explain to you why it's good. Does anybody try to.
Say, I can make that? See, I cannot do it.
Cause it's a huge canvas. That's it's all about how big the campus.
That doesn't make any sense. There's no, there's no sense to this.
There's zero sense to that being worth 40 to $60 million.
I don't give a who made it? I don't give a where he's from,
where he went to school. Who, who he mentored under? you eat.
That's not $40 million being.
Worth 35 million net.
Worth 3,500. It's worth 3,500 bucks.
Steve Martin would be able to tell you if it's good or not. Is he an art?
That's his big thing, right?
Yeah. Yeah. But it doesn't matter.
This is only worth what people are willing to pay for it.
And I guess some people are willing to pay for it. Cause this gentlemen,
Ty Wombi is a, apparently a very famous artist, which I get. Okay,
that's fine. But there's no way I can do that.
Like the whole art thing is such a bizarre status thing.
I was at an agent's house once in an Aspen's mazing house. And uh,
I was over this guy's house. Like, wow. His house is crazy.
Like how much the agents make us all those things like shady Robin people and
I'm in his house. And I see this thing,
that's framed as like this big and it's like tissue paper and like color.
And I go, I go, is this like something his kid made? And he goes, no,
that's a blue wall. That's $30,000. I remember going,
what the are you talking about?
Uh, a buddy of mine is similar. A lot of these guys.
My 11 year old can that up. She can do so much better than that.
To my friends and artist who started out, you know,
a lot of them saw as graffiti people like in New York,
like a boss scout was one of those, a graffiti people that became my buddies.
I didn't realize how much his stuff went for.
Like he offered me a painting and I was like, I just wanted one. And I was like,
I think it's worth like 30 grand. When I looked up. I couldn't believe it.
30 grand.
The.
Pricing. He's a good artist. I mean, he's really good artists, but I,
I was shocked at like what the art world.
Just look at this one, Jamie,
that I just sent you and tell me how much you think this one's worth.
This is telling me play.
How much is it.
Worth?
I just want, let's see if Kurt and I can, uh, see what's better at guests.
Take a wild guess. Okay. I'm going to F that's very good.
Under boob drawing there and some good hip.
Actually. I don't say it's worth a lot.
That looks like an art school sketchpad from a art Institute where I went this
$1 million.
How much you think it's worth Curt?
That looks like somebody's sketch to me from what? I don't think a lot.
I think like $30, 30.
10 Million, 10 million, my 11 year old made that.
Oh.
This is how it's crazy. It is crazy. She's very talented.
An 11 year old girl who drew that off the top of her head. She said.
Watches on a thing. That's why I knew it.
Wasn't going to be with a lot of money.
Well, even like that kind of sketch with the right artist is probably worth a
preposterous amount of money. How old is she? She's 11. She might've been 10.
When she made that. She might've been 10 when she made that.
She's really talented. I don't think that said that. But imagine,
imagine that you like that splatter let's show that other image before,
which is probably worth like 50 million bucks. How much is that worth?
Sotheby's how much is that worth?
Well, Hey.
This guy that is, is that Ty Twomey is dead. I was trying to find his dead.
That's why? Yeah. Ty's dead. What's that.
20 Million that scribble.
Oh, OSI C Y Trombley. Look what he wrote. Look at it.
Imagine making a living doing that. Like you go.
My husband's an amazing artists. Wow. That's cool.
I bet you, his name has a lot because first of all, it's a very good name.
Cy Twombly. That's a, seems like a catchy art name.
This has been explained to me by friends that are artists.
This is what happens when you bring your stuff to a gallery
and then a big time collector buys it.
Someone who comes in and goes, I want, this is amazing.
And this is this incredible new artist. His name is [inaudible]
. He's incredible. And then this, this one person who's in the know decides that it's good. And then other people start buying your stuff too. And then it becomes more valuable because you only have so many pieces. And if they're big pieces, like big, huge pieces.
Yeah
. Even though it looks like dog, it's worth even more. It's like, that's why that piece is worth 40 to $60 million.
It's just.
It spawned a lot of people in LA to be are probably other places too.
Or I know a couple of hardest,
but they have no trend that is scribble like that, but they're not going to be.
You never know. Wow.
I guess what's their name? Do they have a cool name?
Like [inaudible] cause that's what the is that? Like?
It's the [inaudible]. Oh, it must be like a bit, I.
Immediately Kurt Metzger, people are going.
To go. It's not, yeah, it doesn't have the same. Right.
Humbly is an amazing scribbled name. It's not.
Yeah, but it's like that. Stuff's not good. Like objectively, it's got.
Last thing you buy with all your money. I mean,
you would think once you have your stuff, then you go,
I have so much money left.
That are like these hedge fund that are worth just billions and billions of
dollars of nonsense money. They're moving money around and they're making money,
put it in.
And don't they have like a place, some airport where it's all. Yeah,
it was in that movie. Um, you know,
what's the time-travel movie that is intended. They Rob,
they robbed that vault where they keep really expensive kind of paintings like
Saudi princes keep. So nobody sees them. They're just in this vault,
I guess there there's some airports, but in tenant,
I think that was a real place. They were where rich people keep their art.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.